hey guys what is up Anna Sarah teach
arrives with peach you here for another
episode of the creative exchange I am
here with my artist friend artists your
so many more things to me hands what's
up guys
I would like to start this off with
where did sloths come from so first
first of all tell us everything that you
do and then why sloth shoot all right I
kind of I do so many different things
it's hard to like nail down but I would
say generally speaking artists digital
and real life I guess you could say
murals digital art and then I love
content creation in the whole social
world so that's kind of like and we have
merch too so that's a big yeah the
merger yeah super fun yeah
so why sloths where did that come from
sloths you know sloths kind of came out
of like two different things like one at
the time when I came up with sloths it
was like I had just done got them
playing sports I was like in this chill
zone of life I was trying to figure out
what I wanted to do and everyone else
around me was super busy and I was just
like people just you know like stop
every now and then yeah just just not a
lazy like sloth just chill see where
they're at in life like kind of take
everything in and then I also really
loved writing the letter s back in the
day and school at all
yes and so that's another reason it's
like graffiti style when I was doing a
lot street art is like the S was super
fun to write and like all different
fonts and and then the Goonies sloths
I loved that movie so kind of a bunch of
different reasons
and just your art persona yeah I am
sloths Instagram your website and so
that's what it evolved into yeah yeah I
was like do I want to brand it Timmy him
or sloth and I'm like sloth is just way
better so it's been fun well let's talk
about when you are a creative and you're
figuring out I have this project I have
this thing I want to do do I put it
underneath my name or do I create
another thing what were you thinking and
then beginning with that because on
things you do kind of have separate
Studios is it worth it
does it help having that separated brand
when you're like collabing with people
what have you found
yeah I've always struggled with that you
know on my socials right now it's like
kind of going back and forth I could
have everything be Timmy ham but then a
lot of people knows me as the artists
law but I think it's I think it's
probably better to have your name I
think it's stronger it stays with you
forever
like your reputation as you grow your
brand grows you're always gonna have
your name I think that having your name
is pretty important it's hard just with
handles though when I start talking
social media is it more worth it coming
up with this persona where you can get
all of the Instagram Twitter handles or
do you kind of make it around your name
or something cuz I always feel like it's
better to have whole words yeah as user
names yeah I think I am sloth is way
better than Timmy ham one two five yes
and I think that also translates to
emails when you're gonna email someone
from you know John 5:6 to dot dot for
work you think it's spam
yeah same is true with social media
accounts yeah it's just super clean
professional I would love I would love
someday to have the handle at sloth-like
that would be amazing
who is that sloth on Twitter I know it's
just like some weird account that hasn't
really been used
I haven't searched on Instagram in a
long time get that I know I need to do
some strategy and like figure out let's
see who is because I feel like if you if
there's a dead account out there on
Twitter they're pretty good if you know
the right people do you could get also
like low key really want to be like the
third thing or the first thing that
comes up when someone Google's sloth are
you in SEO stuff do you understand like
a little bit I come up on like sometimes
they'll be on the first page sometimes
they'll be on like the second yeah I
think it's a possibility I could be like
high up on the first it also is weird
now
with Google how it all depends on what
you're searching in your computer it's
not necessarily the same for everybody
so so this is sloth on Instagram bad
news is he actually post consistently
but good news is there's not a lot
attached she has 700 followers that's a
slaw that's at sloth so just slide into
the dm's offer him some money
I think I think that needs a happen you
should you should start at 500 and then
he might get cuz you know people get
cocky in this situation yes you can
settle at a 500 cash 500 Target gift
card oh my that slot would be so epic
the bigger question is what is sloth
calm though sloth calm that's actually
its lot oh that's probably really
expensive
that's probably insane so I have
probably 30 EUR else but just for like
future things I want to do that I'm
using it for absolutely nothing
yeah but I'm that person that people
hate just buys the URL that they
probably want it but there's just
nothing up there I mean you never knows
squat comm is free no we're not free buy
it you can buy the domain oh okay let's
see to rent it one two that's
interesting so you can rent your elves
now that's super nice okay let's make an
offer
oh they don't even have it oh they don't
we'll see him they probably want a lot
so if you got the social handles it
would be worth it oh wait a minute
totally be worth it
that's law so I'm glad that we talked
about slop it could happen but it could
happen I'm putting that into the world I
believe in you Timmy you can get that
what what were you doing in the college
days college days I was not doing art I
was playing football and being a student
athlete and I well I actually did have a
clothing line that I sold a bunch of
people in the dorms and it was it was
like around snowboarding and because I
loved like I love action sports culture
so like that originally like when I
stopped playing football
that little sea
during college was kind of what rebirth
like me wanting to do merge and get into
like business / creative life but yeah I
was playing football at the University
of Nevada and doing the athlete life oh
yeah I played basketball in high school
but I got so tired of the intensity of
it I was like I don't want to be at
practice for four hours every single day
so what was that like for you were you
just so hungry for it and like did you
have dreams of going beyond college is
that what's you going 100% yeah that was
the original I mean I I only I love I
loved playing but like I'm not someone
that watched sports so I was purely and
I didn't even like college you know I
didn't like school so like I was purely
like I'm only gonna go and play if I
think I can make it to the NFL and that
was the route and I'm not too my own
horn but I definitely if I didn't get
injured a lot I I might pretty sure I
could have made it what did you play
what business I was a running back so I
got to score some touchdowns super fun
and awesome experience and like I loved
I loved it I think I think I could have
kept playing but
Justina hurt a lot put a lot of things
in perspective and I I ended up
realizing maybe I don't love it as much
as I thought I did because if I did I
would have just kept going with it I
could have kept playing I just would've
have had surgery like once or twice
every year and a lot of starting like
athletes in the football world that's
kind of the routine like they have
surgery after season something's broken
yeah it's nuts like now my shoulders are
all jacked up and like I'm feeling pains
all the time but like so looking back it
all worked out perfect like I'm so
pumped where I'm at and everything but
that was a definitely fun experience and
taught me a lot about you know hard work
and discipline and and all that stuff
and going forward you probably know how
to get a solid workout and that's yeah
that's something that I took from
basketball was I know how to just work
out
when I want to yeah but some you know
when the winter is here I'm just like ah
stay inside
how many Eric squats can you do inside -
like I pass out what was that moment
like when you realized football is over
what's that scary uh yeah you know it
was yeah it was definitely weird for me
because I had been doing it for so long
and it was a moment where I didn't
really know what to do at once in my
life it was like it was really bizarre
and I knew I had told myself going into
my junior year I was like okay if I get
if I get hurt in fall camp I'm done and
I'm just like not gonna go back and I
told myself that a week before and then
that week I ended up getting hurt and
fall camp the same injury that I've I
kept having every year and I literally
called my dad the next day I was like
I'm done
I called my coach I like went to meet
I'm like yeah I'm not play anymore and
they're like they're pretty pissed cuz
on floor ride so it was like wow it was
like okay whatever and then like four
days later I was back home like I just
packed everything up and moved right
away did you drop out of college yeah
well I dropped out I didn't go for that
semester and I ended up going back to
college there was a lot of politics
because I was on a full ride and I was
injured they should have honored my
scholarship because I got hurt playing
football but it's weird I got I went to
a different doctor all this weird stuff
they ended up saying that they weren't
gonna honor it so then I just like
alright well I'm leaving
went back home and then hung out for a
bit and then was at ASU for a little
while until I realized I loved art and
then that's when I dropped I dropped out
of college my senior year I had like
four credits left but I wanted to
Charlie Mandy's
yeah and I wanted to change majors to
graphic design but at Arizona State
since I had been in international
business degree nothing transferred I
had never taken an art class I was like
they said I would have to be there for
three more years I'm like I'm not gonna
be in college for seven years like
that's ridiculous so I just literally
like never went back I just went home so
when you did that what was the game plan
did you go an intern for someone
you go nother and from the internet I
mean what was your next step
how are you at the point of dropping
like when you decided not to go to
college anymore like why were you
confident that art could be the thing I
think I've always just been super
confident in general I shout out to my
parents like they always just like built
that into me so I definitely think I was
fortunate of being like just believing
in myself but I think I was just seeing
a lot of people unhappy and especially
in college and a lot of my friends like
doing majors they didn't want to do
doing things that they don't really want
to do because they're trying to please
other people and once I realized like
okay I do not want to do this business
slash I was doing like pre-law as well I
didn't want to do a lot yeah and and I
had been getting into like the creative
scene and I just I just knew and I also
think the fact that people like my
parents were kind of like my dad was
kind of like you're not gonna make any
money doing graphic design you know like
I know the lifestyle that you'd like to
live and like that might not relate to
how you want to live dollar-wise and I
was just like that too made me want to
do it even more because it was just like
well if that like if you don't think I
can like and he had been supported my
whole life so it was like him not really
totally supporting me just made me want
to do it even more
and that gave me a lot of yeah that gave
me a lot of like fuel to really just be
like alright well if no one really sees
this then I'm just gonna do it and also
I was getting a lot of weird like kind
of anomaly anomaly like anomaly yeah
like you're a football player you're an
athlete everyone thought I should go
back and play sports and just that
everyone wanted me to do that so bad
made me not want to do that and so that
also kind of like pushed me a little bit
more I feel like all the people who are
in art and who are doing something
creative either have a background in
sports or music yeah and so many people
that I talk to the lessons that they've
learned through those things impact what
they're doing right now so much yeah
but it was same for me I just also hated
that everything felt like everyone knew
what you had to do it was like you have
to go you have to go this route you have
to go to school you have to get this
kind of job you have to do this and that
just really bothered me I'm like I don't
want to do what they want me there's not
one path no success yeah is so different
for every single person hundred percent
and me coming from a background my dad
was like he's PhD had like four master's
degrees was the president of Arizona
Education like he's on NPR like super
educated up that ladder kind of guy and
for that's what I grew up on so it was
like I just didn't want any part of that
anymore it wasn't because I didn't like
it I just knew it wasn't for me mm-hmm
so what'd you do after so I just draw
yes I left I left school and then I had
a lot of friends that were in art
Institute's and I would I would
literally just have them send me their
prayer homework
and one of my friends got me like a
pirated version of the creative like
Photoshop and illustrator okay and I
just did all those things on my own I
would just practice and do them and then
that's when I started like painting and
doing all that stuff and I was also a
barista roasting coffee and I was just
pretty much being a hipster with no plan
but I knew like that was the days of
MySpace and I knew like mice I could
poke yeah and I would post stuff and I
ended up starting getting like freelance
gigs from my myspace the OG LinkedIn
yeah oh gee Twitter there was this first
band they were called scaring kids
scaring kids do you know that man yes
yummy what are you about to say well it
was okay love hate heroes yeah kids
grandkids Chiodos yeah like that was my
dreams yeah so scaring kids scaring kids
I believe they are all from Arizona or
one of them was but they originally saw
my artwork on MySpace and then I ended
up doing like merch for them and I was
like give me I my own your design as a
shirt you might yeah did you know I
I owned a green scary kiss carrying his
shirt the artwork I needed to go back
into my files and try to find the exact
artwork that I did for them my mind is
blown yeah
so that kind of like so it was there
they soldier on to her I don't know
where they put it I don't remember where
they put it it was it was like it was
like 13 years ago blowing but that
deafened that moment definitely made me
go like one it was like after I don't
you think it had been a year since I've
been doing stuff like oh man like social
I can promote myself this is awesome I
was also like handing out business cards
through the drive-thru of the coffee
shop what are you doing like I'm a
graphic designer
but they didn't know like I just started
right so I get work to back it yeah and
how can I get people to pay me to learn
and since I felt like I was really
confident that I could just do it you
know I can it forced me to learn the
programs and like learn really fast and
like yeah and if you're that type of
person that's exactly what you should do
because there's so many ways that you
can just learn on your own and do it I
know there's a lot of people out there
that need that structure they need the
pressure of a teacher they need the
pressure of like oh I have a 9:00 a.m.
class but I think many people and they
might not even know it or like that to
where if they want something and they're
hungry enough for you yeah yeah I know
that's like the best mm-hmm like if
you're wired that way just go all-in
because you can you can get a lot done
mm-hmm so how have you found your
illustrative voice where are you doing
kind of similar stuff ten years ago as
you are now like how how did you take
those projects that maybe everyone was
doing similar things and put your twist
on it really find your voice um shoot I
honestly I think it just found my voice
and from my style just by doing it for
so long and then like taking pieces from
other people's style that I really liked
early on I was like heavily influenced
by like Shepard Fairey obey and Johnny
Cupcakes
and I love street art and pop culture
and I also think when I first started
the internet was still at socialist
diligence till kind of figuring out the
content piece and so that's where you
know fast-forward like three four years
that's when I started to like really be
able to see more of the culture of it
because in Arizona the art scene is just
okay so once social started like really
catching up that helped me like opened
up a lot more doors to be like all that
inspiration that's really cool and this
is super awesome like I I want to like
kind of do it like that but my own style
and then also just like seeing other
people in different industries and
definitely like taking things from like
people like you like filmmakers and
photographers I love everything you guys
do and like I try to do that but from an
art standpoint how have you used social
to go beyond what a normal illustrator
do because Timmy has a YouTube channel
you have you know you're very active on
Twitter and Instagram and typically for
you know a guy or a girl who would do
what you do you would have an Instagram
and that would be your portfolio but I
discovered you honestly I think through
Twitter before we even really connected
but because people would be retweeting
your work - like wins yeah yeah you've
really learned how to leverage those
things you know not how people would
traditionally do it people think okay if
I want to be successful in YouTube I
have to have X amount of views so I can
do brand deals or I can make ad sense
but how have you let's start your
YouTube channel what has your YouTube
channel been for you well you know first
off it started off I was doing the whole
vlogging thing and did that for a couple
years and but I I think I was more
focused on like oh just vlog and then it
slowly evolved into well people really
want to see my art but I don't want to
just be the channel that's just posting
art projects and that's it so now I've
kind of evolved in like trying to do a
little bit of life style like a little
bit of what I'm doing that day and
and but focus on like this is like what
I'm working on and then just recently
I'm doing like I post five days a week
but it's just like I'm just doing a
drawing and then some days I just I just
started like last like two weeks ago and
and it's way more it's not as intimate
as it sounds because you have like folks
yeah in two days a week like it's a
little vlog II but then the other other
three are I just sit down like hey guys
that's what I worked on this is a new
project and then it's like a time-lapse
or something so it's a lot easier to
maintain and I think that's a good sweet
spot especially for people who don't
just do vlogging but maybe first or a
photographer or a filmmaker or something
that has helped me recently is you know
yes I like the vlog aspect and the
lifestyle thing that I can add but just
doing that like I am so not a daily
vlogger yeah so what's helped me is say
first what am i interested in terms of
technology and creativity who do I want
to highlight what process do I want to
show what new gadget do I want to show
and how can I then bring in personality
from that by adding a little bit of
lifestyle yeah and that has helped me so
much yeah like just having like that
kind of plan is what what's helped me is
like just having a focus before it was
like okay I just gonna film today but
now that I'm like I have a goal like
yeah I have to do one drawing or one
canvas like every day one it's like I'm
like way more productive and I have way
more content to post on Instagram or
Twitter and to is just giving me that
like focus of like okay I know what I
need to do and also a focus for your
audience yeah they kind of know what to
expect and the consistency and all that
mm-hmm with Twitter how do you use
Twitter
twitter is the best social fly I love
Twitter why would an illustrator say
that why well I love I love Twitter
because the community and the networking
that twitter has is awesome the way that
you can strategize things through
Twitter is so fun and awesome like I
really feel like I I could connect to
anybody I want through Twitter like if
I'm like okay
I really want to work with you just
connect the dots yeah Joe Dirt I'll be
like okay joder is friends with these
three people and those three people are
friends with these I'm gonna reach out
to those lower three people build a
relationship with them and then I'm
gonna go to the next people and then
over time X should happen and it's just
it's so fun to watch like I'm sure it's
happening with you a million times
really like because I feel like we both
watch each other I do yeah like oh I
remember you saying you want to do that
thing and now he's put like marques yes
mkb yeah what happened with that that
was that was his video guy I think was
and had been following me and then
inside know when when I went to his
office to shoot a video with him his
homie had its luster he was yeah you're
so in it without even knowing and I feel
like yes that's good to know yeah cool
yeah that was pretty similar like you
know I I had done something for Dan
petty and then I used that as leverage
to get noticed by mkbhd by posting you
know video of a MacBook Pro that I
painted for Dan and then using my
followers to leverage that to get
exposure because he's got such a huge
following so you have to like kind of
break that you have to show that you're
legit yeah you got to break the noise
you know with people not doing this
without being verified - you're still
not verified which i think is such a
crime but at the same time it's possible
no you have 40,000 50,000 53,000 he's
building it up 2008 since 2000 love it
and it works because you you're
connecting those dots in the creative
community but you're also providing
something to retweet and something doing
right and a reason for them to want to
be involved yeah and then did you send
him that little Android I sent him an
Android and super super awesome and he
put you could see in his video sometimes
and he put it on Instagram he did a post
on Instagram which like gave me thousand
thousand followers and I was like tons
of awesome social cred and then I
actually painted a MacBook Pro for him
to I didn't know that you do keep it at
my house for a long I need to send it to
it sorry it'll be there soon I know
we'll use this clip to leverage our
Twitter presence to get followers by
delivering this message and I first of
all actually way back up are you a
member of LinkedIn or as Twitter or
LinkedIn I used to have a LinkedIn when
I had my first job and dabbled it in a
little bit but I haven't been on there
and I don't know for years mm-hmm
because Twitter is that yeah Twitter's
my LinkedIn yeah yeah all the people
that want to work with on Twitter even
brands like I have a majority of my
brand deals have been established
relationships from Twitter hmm like
originally like it's crazy that's
amazing yeah Twitter it's the move yes
what is awesome think of it
strategically not not just how many
retweets can I get and likes build an
audience and then you can leverage your
audience to make those connections that
you want yeah that's huge
it's huge Arizona you live there that's
like where your adorable family is you
have an amazing wife beautiful children
but you have kind of built this art
creative community community that is so
stoked on your art yeah you tell me how
that started and also water what are you
doing like a bus yeah what tell me what
is it all about yeah so you know
honestly being an AZ and seeing like
your guys this whole NYC squad has given
me lots of inspiration to give similar
vibes like bring some of those like that
passion in that to Arizona and so that's
kind of like my ultimate goal is like be
the guy be hometown guy Arizona that
doesn't live in an awesome city like New
York you know like we don't really have
a scene so it's like
trying to own that is really important
to me and yeah over the years we've been
doing I've been doing pop-up shops with
the merge we bought a school bus that we
like gut it out and meeting it so kind
of like a mobile office that we bring to
the pop-up shops and there are lines
like of hundreds of people for these
pop-up shop yeah the last the last
couple were pretty epic and we probably
should do another one soon because it's
been a solid like six months but when we
do do them yeah though we you know we
had a lot of people coming it was
awesome we have a really big scene in
the high school like seventh eighth
grade and then high school seems to be
like really into it which has been a lot
of fun because we just don't have like a
lot of other people that are doing stuff
like this you know because you strike a
chord with people who want to be
creative yeah it builds like connect
community and they're like oh this is
awesome because you know we thought only
other states like cooler states did this
stuff and so it's definitely a lot
easier to be different there mm-hmm you
know because everything's so normalized
I guess and it's kind of a thing of do
you want to be a big fish in a small
pond yeah
or vice versa and new york it is so
amazing but in terms of youtube and
things like that it compared to LA it is
kind of the big fish and some yeah vibe
and what's so cool about New York is
there's not only youtuber or creative
scene but there's also the business and
it's all like top-level yes which is
which is so cool and so that's what I've
found to be it just so fun over the past
two years kind of being in the middle of
that but it's been so cool to watch you
in Arizona build something I feel like
from the ground up yeah thank you yeah
it's it's amazing so what do you you cuz
you do the ambassador thing or whatever
does how do you get the community
excited
it started honestly I think it it
honestly started just through people
finding that I was from Arizona and I
think YouTube hopes like and just being
consistent on social and content
and then when I started doing the pop-up
shops that's when it really took off
because it was people I think people
wanted something tangible to with it and
then once the pop-up shops happen it was
like super super fun because then you
can post that to social media and then
people see that and like oh this is
legit yeah okay it kind of brings that
digital to the physical then it brings
it back to the physical totally yeah you
know yeah that's so cool let's talk
business
yeah let's do it you have you know in
our operation you have your clothes you
are very knowledgeable and social media
and how to leverage that to build
businesses so you've done some like
client work yeah thank you
when was when did you employ your first
employee and how is that journey in
doing more yeah it's it's definitely
interesting you know so business-wise
there's like all the different buckets
one thing I learned like super fast is
like when you're on your own for me
especially with having a family three
kids and trying to support that as like
having multiple sources of like income
from like all different spaces is like
the smartest way because sometimes
things dip and dive and so you know I've
got like selling artwork to brand deals
to selling merch to like digital artwork
freelance and then I also have a client
where I help them with like influencer
marketing stuff and so it's just kind of
like a whole slew of different things
but it's pretty does that keep because I
feel like that would keep things
exciting it does today yeah I love it I
would if all I did was have to paint
every day I would probably go crazy hmm
and then you know with the merge side
I've got I've got one like full time
employee and then a couple kids like
Grayson who is here with us right now
has been helping me a lot more more and
more with helping content and trying to
figure out how I can get him
help like a lot more with editing stuff
and things like that
I've what I realized over the last
couple years is I don't want I'm not I
don't think I would ever have a company
of like a hundred employees I'm not good
I don't think I would like that I think
what I've realized I like it smaller if
I did have that I would definitely need
someone to like be under me that runs
everything because I've learned that I'm
not a good yeah you can be the head and
visions I am I'm thinking everyone is a
really good boss on their own and I've
learned that not everyone is wired like
me and I'm not good at managing people
that are that's not like you have that
awareness I think a lot of people get
screwed up when they're either obsessed
with just doing the work but thinking
that they want to be the boss yeah and
then that just screws over other people
and then kind of the whole operation
yes it's not I don't think I'm a good
manager that's not what I was wired for
I think I could be a good leader but
when it comes to like the daily
delegation I'm not good at so like I I
know if I did ever grow something to the
size where I need like 50 employees or
20 employees I'd have to hire like a
freakin a Timur so just run everything
100% when it comes to merch and things I
always think of it as a perspective of
okay I need a lot of YouTube views so I
can sell merch but watching you I feel
like you've almost gone the opposite
have gone down died I feel like you're
safe because you felt that community
just like how is mkbhd s assistant
wearing a sloth shirt how are 10 team
ten people wearing a sloth shirt and
Jake Paul's lunch you know you're not
this like million subscriber YouTube
personality that sells merch
I feel like first you're a designer and
illustrator that people respect and they
want they see that and they want to wear
your designs and you have built that I
think that's super important yeah
like the most important pieces like be
what you are first and then reach for
the stars of like I'm now gonna be a
million you know like you were a
filmmaker musician and all that before
you are where you are now like you
didn't so I think like focusing purely
on what's helping me just focusing
purely on like I want to be a really
good artist I want to be a really good
content creator and the rest will come
eventually later and networking has
helped a ton and just building
relationships and then just being
consistent but I think just people
seeing that I'm an artist or I'm a
creative first gives legitimacy instead
of them seeing like oh like well he
doesn't have 300,000 followers but it's
so there I feel like there's a whole
different world though where Johnny
Cupcakes he's been making amazing
designs amazing clothes for all eternity
but you know maybe he'll get 500 likes
on a picture but then he can like sell
out a pop-up shop with a line around
yeah I think so there's this different I
think there's two different routes that
you can go to where you build up this
credibility over time you build
community yeah you have people IRL
reppin your stuff and it's almost the
whole where maybe if you're a
traditional celebrity people aren't
following on Instagram but they know
your name yeah and that's kind of the
vibe of like okay maybe no one follows
you but they are wrapping your shirt
yeah
but then there's the other side of like
okay you gained a following first and
then maybe you yeah I'm from behind and
like do merger yeah I think I think that
kind of having because originally my
whole goal was I wanted like a massive
t-shirt company so I was always focused
on like I wasn't at the beginning at the
beginning of the days I wasn't really
focused so much on social media I was
focused on like building that networking
community to who I could sell to whether
it was like an email list or getting
getting people to buy it and then the
social kind of came later so I think I
was I wasn't focused on content so much
at the beginning I was
more focused on t-shirt selling mm-hmm I
don't know I don't really it's hard to
explain I don't really know how that
happened I guess but I totally get what
you're saying it's like because
sometimes you look at Instagram of
counts of Oh a good example that's in
New York is only NY yeah so have you
seen their stuff oh yeah I love this
they're so good right but they'll get
less engagement on an Instagram as me
yeah but then you'll walk out into New
York and you'll see so many people
repping their shirt and they get deals
with I was in LA
huge collapse I was in LA at a vulture
festival who is involved with New York
Magazine and New York magazine
Commission only NY to do their New
Yorker hoodies I was like what and so
there's so much behind the scene I think
yeah I think a lot of that to kind of
it's the it's the people that do it not
necessarily me and embracing an idea and
a culture and making good stuff kind of
like you know how like I'm not comparing
myself to Radiohead but like Radiohead
like back in the day they didn't really
play them on there they were huge but
they weren't huge like they weren't
mainstream to where like like they were
mainstream but they weren't it was kind
of like oh you like great hood you're
cool but like my mom and dad won't like
Radiohead so it was like they weren't
like Beyonce but like everyone knew
there and their Nisha's enough yeah I
mean everyone knows Radiohead yeah and I
think that's true too if you are a
creator or a businessperson I think if
you go too wide with anything you're not
going to satisfy anything and if you try
to be everything for everyone you're
gonna get no one totally and I think
it's true for you know making t-shirts
making YouTube videos it's starting
small start with that niche that's
something that Tim Ferriss talks about a
lot what I've like taken to heart is I
don't think any niche is too small you
can always get bigger you can always
expand but having like a thousand true
fans for one thing is so valued oh yeah
I mean just think about if you have a
thousand true fans and you need
something or need to get noticed by
someone on Twitter
that'll happen in two seconds yeah when
I made the most viral video that
launched my career I had three thousand
subscribers yes and I challenged those
people to tweet and share the word yeah
boom yeah it's crazy
so yeah I think the important part is
yeah building that trust that community
of people that really like your stuff
and that core because that's that word
amount that original word of mouth is
like with only and why I like you see
that happen like obviously there's like
all this crazy behind the scenes of like
people just talking about it outside of
social media that it makes things happen
mm-hmm and being patient - yeah I'm
realizing that you have been playing
this game for how long I mean yeah a
while but like cuz if people took a
snapshot of where you are now it's like
oh he has some amazing stuff going on
and like how but it's you don't see the
behind the scenes yeah a lot of years
boots on the ground it's figuring stuff
out like I yeah I feel like I'm just
barely figuring life out and work and
all that and yeah I think the first
t-shirt I printed was like nine years
ago you know and it's just but like
looking back it all seems so I'm like
what was I even thinking cuz I could not
even know what I was doing you know like
I'm just gonna start yeah but I thought
I knew exactly what I was doing then and
looking back I was like what yeah and
it's it's so fun that you're able to
share all this excitement with like I
think your family is just adorable but
yeah for I think a lot of people think
it's like either-or and I think with
having a family and doing like being an
entrepreneur of any kind there has to be
sacrifice right yeah so what are some of
the coolest things with sharing this
crazy life with your family you're like
making your own hours and then what are
some of the things that you've really
had to work on with being like that
entrepreneur and having a family of
almost four yes is you know the hardest
thing
is just that I wouldn't actually say
balance because there's really no
balance it's always up and down and like
all over the place and but is realizing
what do you want to sacrifice when I was
an athlete like you've really you've
okay if you want to be a great athlete
you have to train all the time you have
to eat well you can't you can't really
hang out with a lot of friends you
always got to be like on top of your
game and so when I started doing this it
was like I got married and that I was
doing everything like an athlete and
then when we ended up having our first
kid I was like I need to kind of
rearrange those priorities or else I
probably won't have a happy family and I
really want to have like a good family
and all that so over the years I've just
kind of taken ahold of like okay what's
most important to me my business and all
these things my reputation and all that
stuff is still gonna be there as long as
I work hard and I'm just not gonna get
there as fast as a lot of other people
that don't have kids or you know aren't
married just because I'm sacrificing
some of the time I could be working and
grinding to spend time with my family
and to me that's just super important
and I rather just be patient you know
and just wait and it'll take me 10 years
longer than the guy in lane a but I'm
totally fine with that and you know you
have a rockstar wife yeah it's like when
you're a team you can make things happen
yeah grow together and figure out what
page you want to be on and it's it's
different for every single person I
think being a parent is the most judge
profession ever and so you know it's
it's always like a lot of people yeah a
lot of people think you can only like
one of the one of another like another
inspiration I had was like to have a
family and be younger I think I had my
first kid was 23 and it was like which
isn't I'm not that would be me having a
kid
yeah so was everyone thought that you
can't you can't do what you want to do
what you're saying you're gonna be when
you get older and
a family like you can't run your own
business and you can't travel and you
can't adventure and you can't make all
this fun content because you're gonna
have kids and when you have kids that
means you have to buy a house and get it
wife int and have a nine-to-five job and
part of me wanted to show other people
that like hey like no you can have a
good family life you can have a great
kids and you can have an awesome
marriage with your significant other and
still do what you love to do and you
don't have to follow that traditional
route and I've realized that that's
totally true so yeah awesome
that's amazing yeah family work last
question to wrap things up for people
out there who want to make stuff want to
make anything but they're at this point
of like just they're paralyzed because
it seems too much mm-hmm what's some
advice that you would you would give
them so much cliche stuff sometimes it
takes people to hear the same thing like
10 yes - really it's like you can't you
can't think of like it as long as it's
not it's like yes like when you're
paralyzed because I'm not there yet it's
gonna take so long like you don't know
where it's gonna go but it's gonna be
like that with anything that you do I
think you just have to decide like is
this do you really love it is it what
you want to spend time on and if so it's
not about like at the end of the road
because of the end of the road you're
gonna be dead you know like the end of
the road is the end of the road right
like I don't know if it's the same for
you but when you hit a goal for me like
it's super short-lived you're like oh
this is cool yeah what's next and so it
can't be about the engl you have to just
love that whole process journey the
grand yes and like be realistic with
yourself is like where were you two
weeks ago Oh like now I'm doing this
now I met this person little goals along
the way tremendously not compare
yourself to other people that might you
might think they're further than you are
because of social media
just really being real with yourself and
as hard as it is to just be comfortable
where you are and know that like it's
this whole life is the process it's all
about that process not about like when
you die you know like it's not about the
end game because after that it's just
what's next so just be patient stay
happy if you're not happy maybe it's not
what you should be doing hmm
heck yeah I forgot to ask you really I
wanted to end on like an inspiration but
I wanted to ask the specific tools that
you use so a lot of this stuff that we
see on Twitter and Instagram you're a
big iPad person right just recently I've
been like this four or five months okay
so you used a walk on before yep yeah
yeah and now your iPad pro and pencil
yeah I just been killing the iPad pro
and the pencil like I love it I love had
the ease of it I love it
adobe draw is all i've been using a
little bit of procreate but they just
have so many cool features like the fact
that i can open up illustrator from the
ipad without plugging anything in it
just opens it up and there and it sends
my file to my computer is awesome yeah I
love drawing so the fact that I can look
at the iPad and draw versus the tablet
that I had you know you have to look at
the screen while you draw was really it
was fun I was used to excited been using
it for so long but close to yeah just
like drawing on a piece of paper I love
it
I'm never going I've been I've used it
at like pretty much almost every single
day in the last thing and then do do
touch-ups on like your iMac on the
bigger screen so you like start on an
iPad yeah it just depends what I'm doing
it for like if it's just for fun and
social content I probably won't but if
it's for like a bigger brand or
something and I need to clean it up I'll
put it on my desktop and clean stuff up
a lot of times I use what I when I go to
do a canvas like what I did here cam is
are you need a really big awesome
painting from you guys that you will see
very shortly
I did I did the whole thing on the iPad
color and everything and then like
presented it to your mom yeah and that's
how she saw it so sometimes when I'm
doing mural I do all that and then like
I'll use that as a reference or
sometimes and then in pencil do freehand
it again on the kingpins depends if it's
like super intricate I'll freehand it if
not I actually have a mobile projector
and I'll project it just to get
everything perfect and because I'm
always pressed for time know what I know
I can draw it but why spend three hours
free handing something and racing and
getting it perfect when I could just do
it perfect once on the computer and then
project it and be done in 20 minutes
very cool that's awesome
what's the mini projector what it's an
LG it's like a mini beam 550 that's
freaking amazing
I'm very fascinated I've never heard of
him you tooth and it is so sick like I
took my kids camping I brought to the
bus and put on my tripod and we had a
movie night in the bus and it's 1080p
like high really like high def it's
awesome no projectors are rad I have a
hundred I have a projector in our
bedroom and we have like a hundred inch
screen on our whole wall so it's like a
whole movie theater and sometimes TVs
can be eyesores so yeah that's that's
cool where can people find you on the
Internet Timmy
you can find me on interwebs I am sloth
on Instagram I hate this at Timmy ham on
Twitter and Timmy him on YouTube yeah
and then I am suave calm I am salata
calm is where we have some merch drops
and things like that so yeah so sick I
wear my cactus hat all the time that's
my favorite hat and fun fact my next
drop of merch by the way it's soon I
totally I didn't get the same color but
I totally use the same hats oh no
those Adam sets are are amazing everyone
I know they're so comfortable and
they're like really high-quality yeah
quality is like and its peak dad hat
it's the perfect combination of firm and
like loose and the colors are really
good tons of cool colors good job I'm so
proud of you I know I'll show you after
I'll show you what its gonna be behind
the scenes and you guys will have to
wait a little bit longer like a few
weeks until some new peachy merch
anyways this isn't about me you guys go
follow Timmy all of his links will be in
the description below or in the show
notes if you're listening to this on
Apple music or Spotify anywhere where
you listen to podcast and if you're
watching this on YouTube smash that like
button smash that subscribe button and
if you're listening you can visit us at
youtube.com slash the creative exchange
to see Timmy's beautiful beard so check
that out and guys thanks so much for
tuning in I will see you next time every
single Monday there's a new podcast I'm
sorry just but I just get very
excited new podcast every single Monday
okay guys until next time keep creating
you